I wanna be an engineer so freakin’ bad, optimize the things I’ve always had
I wanna be on the cover of PC Magazine, Smiling next to Pentium machines.

oh everytime I close my eyes, I calculate a new design
yeah….an efficient way to quantify oh ai..I swear
my patent would be here…If I was an engineer

Yeah, I wound have a show on Discovery, hoping that e-ve-ry..
body in the country would watch me on their HD.
I’d probably pull an Orville Wright and a Wilbur
Build a plane and take the rudder and dip it in silver.
Give away a few smartphones, like, Einstein here have this
Take my protractor out and do some mathmatics
It’s been a couple years since I’ve been single so
you can find me working late and living off Ho Ho’s.
Brain food for the intelligent, sometimes I like to complement
myself for being smart, but you can call me brilliant.
Yeah…Call me a geek or maybe even nerd
but face the facts, we da ones be ruling this world.

Everytime I close my eyes (what cha see, what cha see?)
I calculate a new design (uh huh uh huh)
oh ye-ah….an efficient way to quantify oh ai..I swear
my patent would be here…If I was an engineer

ohhh ohhhh….Yeah, I’m an engineer! oohh ohhhh….

I be playin Xbox with some scientists, workin’ with geologist
maybe ask a girl out and get lucky with little kiss.
Or not because I have to…formulate a program
in C++ or going back and using Fortran.
Toss a few equations in just for the heck of it.
Solve my own problem just so I can delineate
Yeah, I be comin’ on a whole new level.
Like comparing HDMI to a coax cable.
Sometimes I give directions with Euclidean vectors
And transfer files faster on eSATA connectors.
…I know we all have a simular dream
to build cantilever beams,…it makes me wanna sing

I wanna be an engineer so freakin’ bad, optimize the things I’ve always had
I wanna be on the cover of PC Magazine, Smiling next to Pentium machines.

Everytime I close my eyes, I calculate a new design
an efficient way to quantify oh ai..I swear
my patent would be here…If I was an engineer

ooh ohhh….(“Yeah! Solve it!) If I was an engineer! ohh ohh

I wanna be an engineer so freakin’ bad